README.md, before:

This allows you to use simple, MoveTo ("MapName") instead of using 1000 elseif.

All 3 Main regions 99% Supported, dig path supported one two first regions, support discovering a digway if it can't go threw.

Dig and bike path can be set via settings dynamically.

Subway support for all Regionms.

Support train for Kanto / Johto, and Boat for Hoenn / Kanto / Johto.

Please read the `LoadMe_Test.lua` for all infos on how to use, you can also read scripts in `Example folder`

Know issue :
-The bot will not consider not having surf or cut, or rock blast make sure you have what you need.
-Need to add an error log if the moveToMap() fails ( Route 2 to viridian if not having cut etc... )
# Contributors:

# lua-astar
@https://github.com/Shakadak/lua-astar
A simple implementation of the A* pathfinding algorithm

The `aStar` function expect a few more arguments than most other implementations available anywhere.  
I therefore invite you to read `example.lua`

# Original Project
@https://github.com/Rympex/Pathfinding-Dijkstra

Commit message:

add relative path support for submodules

README.md, after:

-------------- RELATIVE MODULE PATH BRANCH ----------------------
This branch support relative module path, this allows the user to
have his main script outside of the pathfinder folder.
This helps easier integration of the pathfinder as a submodule.
-----------------------------------------------------------------

This allows you to use simple, MoveTo ("MapName") instead of using 1000 elseif.

All 3 Main regions 99% Supported, dig path supported one two first regions, support discovering a digway if it can't go threw.

Dig and bike path can be set via settings dynamically.

Subway support for all Regionms.

Support train for Kanto / Johto, and Boat for Hoenn / Kanto / Johto.

Please read the `LoadMe_Test.lua` for all infos on how to use, you can also read scripts in `Example folder`

Know issue :
-The bot will not consider not having surf or cut, or rock blast make sure you have what you need.
-Need to add an error log if the moveToMap() fails ( Route 2 to viridian if not having cut etc... )
# Contributors:

# lua-astar
@https://github.com/Shakadak/lua-astar
A simple implementation of the A* pathfinding algorithm

The `aStar` function expect a few more arguments than most other implementations available anywhere.
I therefore invite you to read `example.lua`

# Original Project
@https://github.com/Rympex/Pathfinding-Dijkstra
